hey everyone welcome back to my channel
the reason I am so all up in your faces
today is because I'm filming a first
impression review on a mascara and I
want you to be able to see my eyelashes
and basically that is why you were all
up in my grill so today I wanted to try
out the Max Factor clump defy extensions
false false lash effect mascara and it
comes in a tube that looks like this
it's a purple tube with the gold
detailing on it
the purple tube with the blue detailing
on it is the waterproof version but I
have the standard non waterproof formula
here this was sent to me for
consideration but I have not used it yet
so this retails for $14.99 in Boots
so in Boots at the moment if you spend
20 euro or more on Max Factor cosmetics
you get a free gift I'm not 100 cents
sure what that gift is presumably it's
maybe a palette or something along those
lines I'm not sure what might be worth
checking it anyway my little PR card
here tells me that this gives buildable
volume and length without clumping so as
far as I know covergirl and Max Factor
are more or less the exact same product
I know I love cover girls lash blast
mascara which is only available in kind
of the states and in Ireland Max
Factor's false last false lash effect
mascara is more or less the exact same
thing so I am guessing and I stand to
crutched on this that this is kind of
like our version of the clump crusher
which is in the neon green tube from
covergirl but I am going to give this a
go anyway I've all my makeup done I just
need to do my lashes I'm going to curl
my lashes first of all Brian is
interested I use the Shu Uemura eyelash
curlers and I find them amazing although
I think I need a new pair because my
lashes just aren't curling as well as
they used to anyway
so let's have a look at this wand oh
it's like a okay so it's M let's have a
look it's like a spoon wand if you can
see it's like curved downwards there and
then take her on the side and then
curved upwards there it's got plastic
bristles which are my favorite type of
bristles never thought I'd say that
sentence before my favorite type of
bristle
so we're just going to apply a coat now
and see how we go
so far I'm noticing that it is literally
grabbing every single lash effortlessly
usually I have to kind of go in at
different angles to get all the little
lashes because some because some of my
lashes are short some of them are long
so I'm going to stick different ways of
just the most awkward lashes ever but
this seems to be grabbing like every
single little lash with very little
effort so far so good
I'm just going to apply to my other eye
and I'll be right back what this is with
one coat of the mascara have to say very
very impressed the formula is quite dry
it's not very wet which i think is a
fantastic thing my eyelashes are really
difficult to keep curls so wet lashes
just drag them right down so a dry
formula is really what I'm looking for
and I'm really liking the spoon shape of
the one because it literally curves kind
of around your eyeball making it a lot
more effortless to grab every lash I'm
going to apply a second coat now and
this is with a second coat I know it's a
little bit difficult to see because I
have quite thick eyeliner on today but
the second coat added a little bit of
volume while it's not the most
volumizing mascara I've ever seen in my
life
I'm actually really impressed that it's
just it was really effortless usually I
have to spend a little while building
and building and building the mascara on
my lashes I'm going to apply to the
bottom lashes just to see how it applies
there
I have to say I think that looks really
really good it's as good as any mascara
I've ever used before
yeah I'm really impressed I will say my
curl has kind of snapped back down but
that's nothing unusual that happens with
every single mascara for me my lashes
are just so stubborn so I always like
always go back in and give a second curl
once the mascara is dry so I'm going to
cut the video now and I'm going to show
you the result when my mascara is dry
and my lashes are recurred and you'll
get to see the final effect I'm back and
I have record my eyelashes and as you
can see it makes the biggest difference
it literally makes me look like I have
false eyelashes on I noticed a lot of
controversy over curling your eyelashes
when the mascara is on but I've been
doing it for about a year now and I
haven't noticed any breakage or any
damage to my natural eyelashes so I'm
going to keep doing it I have to say
really really impressed with this
mascara the next clip in this video will
be an update maybe halfway through or at
the end of the day to let you know how I
got on with this mascara lately I've
been noticing with the hot weather and
maybe my skin type is changing or
something but I'm getting a lot of
flakes from different mascaras on the
top of my cheeks and something that it
really really bothers me so I will
update you as to whether that happens
with this mascara but so far really
really impressed and two thumbs up
it's 23:47 so it's about like 13 hours
later and as you can see there is no
flaking or smudging of the mascara
underneath my eyes are up in my eyelid
and my lashes have held the curl really
really well so I have to say first
impressions of this mascara are like
phenomenal I really really like it it
could be a new Holy Grail so yeah thank
you so much for watching and I'll talk
to you in my next video bye